c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll.config
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.pdb
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.dll
c:\users\uladzimir_huzaryk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.pdb
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll.config
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.pdb
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.dll
E:\EPAM\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll.config
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.dll
C:\Users\Sacris\Desktop\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll.config
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Angular.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.Interfaces.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DependencyResolver.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.Interfaces.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\DAL.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ORM.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\BLL.pdb
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.dll
E:\Angular.Gallery\Angular\Angular\obj\Debug\Angular.pdb
